{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Leontief, 1936\
Quantitative Input-Output relations in the Economic System of the United States\
\
In this seminal paper, Leontief himself purports to be following in the footsteps of Francois Quesnay, constructing a \'93Tableau Economique of the United States for the year 1919.\'94 The study considers 41 industrial accounts, alongside 3 additional accounts for household consumption, trade, taxes, etc. Leontief credits advances in national statistics (national balance of accounts), especially in the field of agriculture, with establishing a necessary datasource and toolkit. Leontief explains the structure of the matrix constructed in simple graphical terms. He discusses the significance of the sum of each row and column, emphasizing that the total of all these sums must be equal\'97i.e. total inputs equal to total outputs of the system. Leontief makes the distinction between gross and net accounting procedures. In doing so, the issue of double-counting is made explicit. Leontief argues that double-counting, while distortionary of welfare issues, is crucial in regards to inquiries into the structure of economic systems. Another issue that Leontief addresses is that of the homogeneity of industrial products and cost structures. Each accounting unit, however aggregated, is theoretically bound to the requirement for such homogeneity, but in practice is unachievable. Leontief discusses deeper reasoning extensively. In the final tables presented at the end of the study, one is shown in dollar terms, whereas the second, and final, is shown in percentages. The usage of proportionality accentuates the structural relevancies of the table produced.}