{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11040\viewh10140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Leontief, 1963\
Multiregional input-output analysis\
\
By this time, Leontief\'92s system has been expanded to cover multiple regions. An air of mathematical gravitas also accompanies the thirty years separating this from his pioneering work. The key theoretical addendum made possible within a multi regional framework is that of an indirect input-output relationship. Not only will country or region A obtain good i from region B, but they will also obtain some of this indirectly via its inclusion in a product from region C. The pattern is variously referred to as triangular or multilateral trade, and is congruent with the phenomena of global supply chains, or the disintegration of production across borders. In addition, another practical observance within the multi regional framework is that identical (or close enough) goods from different regions may be addressed. In such a case, as Leontief notes, neither consumer nor producer care as to the origin or destination of such products, only that they are bought or sold. All effects of regionalization enter into choice space via cost considerations (e.g. transportation costs, trade barriers, etc.). One important note is that within the restricted theorems of perfect rationality, it would make no sense for absolutely identical goods to be traded from country A to country B AND in the opposite direction. For this reason it is kept in mind that the goods are not perfectly identical, but similar enough to be substitutes. Leontief notes, however, that one reason we see cross-flows of the \'91same\'92 good is because data for such analysis is collected over a time-span, as opposed to instantaneously. Effects of seasonality can be understood to play a role in this matter, and as such cross-flows can be identified as a desirable property of the data, as they are more true to the facts on the ground. It does open up, though, questions into what other details and theoretical roadblocks are concealed or obstructed by such a drawn-out data collection process. For most analyses, it is necessary to close the multi regional system in terms of what trade pertains to regions outside of the area of inquiry. In national terms, this can be achiever by adding a Rest Of World ROW region within the model. Leontief shows his multi regional model to be a special type of Gravity Model, similar in functional form to that of Solow regarding production, and others. }